# Code of Conduct - Core-Craft (Backend)

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
  overall community

## Expected Behavior

To contribute positively to our community, we expect all participants to:

- Be respectful and considerate towards others.
- Use inclusive language and be mindful of your words.
- Accept and value different opinions, ideas, and experiences.
- Be open to constructive feedback and engage in healthy discussions.
- Be mindful of the impact of your words and actions on others.
- Refrain from any form of harassment, discrimination, or offensive behavior.
- Respect the privacy and personal boundaries of others.
- Please refrain from including any sensitive information, such as security credentials or keys, in your repository commits.
- The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Reporting and Enforcement

If you witness or experience any behavior that violates this code of conduct, please report it by contacting [contact person or email]. All reports will be handled confidentially and with respect for privacy. The project maintainers are responsible for enforcing this code of conduct and will take appropriate action in response to violations.


## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban
temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem
inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at <>.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://contributor-covenant.org/), version
[1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/code_of_conduct.md) and
[2.0](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md),
and was generated by [contributing-gen](https://github.com/bttger/contributing-gen).